Describe the drag column (#1056)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/DataGrid/15 Columns/10 Column Types/4 Command Columns/00 Command Columns.md

- **Editing column**        

> A type of buttons column. Contains editing controls. See [Customize the Editing Column](/concepts/05%20Widgets/DataGrid/15%20Columns/10%20Column%20Types/4%20Command%20Columns/15%20Customize%20the%20Editing%20Column/0%20Customize%20the%20Editing%20Column.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Types/Command_Columns/#Customize_the_Editing_Column').

Reviewer: A type of buttons column. --> This phrasing doesn't make sense. Can you please explain what you are trying to say? Are you saying that this is a column of different button types?

Author: That's not me (my changes are marked with green). This is an old text written long ago.

The point is the following: Editing columns make a subset of buttons columns. (Many button types are available, including `add`, `delete`, and `edit` that are used in the editing column ).

- **Drag Column**       

> Contains drag icons. Appears when **column**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#type) is "drag" and **rowDragging**.[allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#allowReordering) and [showDragIcons](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#showDragIcons) are **true**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contains drag icons. Appears when a column's [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#type) is *"drag"* and **rowDragging**.[allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#allowReordering) and [showDragIcons](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#showDragIcons) are **true**.
```

> Contains drag icons. Appears when a column's [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#type) is *"drag"* and **rowDragging**.[allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#allowReordering) and [showDragIcons](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#showDragIcons) are **true**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains drag icons. Appears when a column's [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#type) is *"drag"* and **rowDragging**.[allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#allowReordering) and [showDragIcons](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/rowDragging/#showDragIcons) are **true**.
```
There is a comma missing in this sentence. There are 3 "and"s and no comma. Please clarify.

Author: I'm not sure where is the best place for a comma. There are two conditions:
1. User should set the *"drag"* column's type.
1. User should assign **true ** to the `allowReordering` and `showDragIcons` options of the `rowDragging` object.

Is the following sentence more clear? 
'Appears when a column's [type]() is *"drag"*, and the [allowReordering]() and [showDragIcons]() options of the [rowDragging]() object are **true**.'

Reviewer: Yes, great rewrite.
